Hi boys. I'm Tina. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty
zoo. It's an erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope you
like it, because you're all in it. It's called 'Buttloose.' I'm just
not sure if I'll be any good on the grill with one free hand. So I
think I'm being attacked by zombies and I start screaming, 'Do you
wanna make out?' And I make out with it. Your ass is grass and I'm
gonna mow it. Dr. Yap, once I was into you, but after seeing you
torture my father, I think we should just be friends with dental
benefits. Dad, I need you to drop everything and shave my legs.
Everyone touched each other's butts, and it was great. Sausage leather
belts. My crotch is itchy. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies and
I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it.
Chad the Zombie touched the butt of that girl with the frosted hair
from my art class. I think her name is Kristi. The hand wants what the
hand wants. I know how the shark thinks. It's confused. It doesn't know
why we want to kill it. It just wants to go home.

If I were a hamburger you'd come and watch! You had me at horses, but
then you lost me at corpses. Give them ridiculous French accents. She
grabbed Jimmy Jr's butt and changed the world. Crap attack? Don't have
one? There's a lot of carrots in that stew. My boob? If I drunk text
you and you're asleep, don't text me in the morningâ€¦that ship has
sailed. uhhhhhhh I'll wave at you every day. Ugg, my heart just pooped
its pants. Time for the charm bomb to explode. Butts. I'm no hero. I
just put my bra on one boob at a time.

Explore the morgue? Hey Jimmy Jr. Did you see those two squirrels
fighting in the courtyard? I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic,
freakiest friend fiction ever. If we see any mermaids, I'm gonna ask
them where their merginas are. I'm torn. Dad raised me, but the shark
gets me. It's an erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope
you like it, because you're all in it. It's called 'Buttloose.' Now my
rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore. Dear God, this is
Tina from school. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman. He did? That's
the sleaziest, sneakiest, most romantic thing anyone's ever done to me.
I've logged over 3,000 fantasy hours on my relationship with Jimmy Jr.
You don't just throw that away. uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Explore the morgue?
Your body.

Sausage leather belts. If we see any mermaids, I'm gonna ask them where
their merginas are. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman. Thank you
zombie boyfriends. I need both ears to hold up my glasses. I'm a smart,
strong, sensual woman. Ugg, my heart just pooped its pants. I've logged
over 3,000 fantasy hours on my relationship with Jimmy Jr. You don't
just throw that away. It includes material that may not be suitable for
all ages. Dr. Yap, once I was into you, but after seeing you torture my
father, I think we should just be friends with dental benefits. I guess
she doesn't like wearing clothes. I can't tell where your back ends and
your butt begins. Tina reached towards Jimmy Junior's butt: 'Your lips
say no but your butt says yes.' This is like watching two monkeys at
the puberty zoo.

He did? That's the sleaziest, sneakiest, most romantic thing anyone's
ever done to me. You had me at horses, but then you lost me at corpses.
Buns...sen. Hey, you don't want to mess with my sister. She'll wear
down your self esteem over a period of years. The second time hurt the
most. I guess she doesn't like wearing clothes. I'm a smart, strong,
sensual woman. Brr, it sure is cold in here. I wish some strong,
chivalrous man would lend me his jacket, or his pants. Hi boys. I'm
Tina. The hand wants what the hand wants. A pants-off. For me? And I'm
gonna read it to the whole school myself. I'm not spooked. What's the
next thing after spooked? I'm that. Dad, you're the best pimp a girl
could ever have.
